feat: Support multiple extras in requirements constraint advertisement (#379)
openedx/edx-cookiecutters: CHANGELOG.rst

   This file loosely adheres to the structure of https://keepachangelog.com/,
   but in reStructuredText instead of Markdown.

2023-08-15
**********

Changed
=======

- In setup.py, support advertising constraints on packages with multiple extras

> - Fail packaging if requirements are spelled differently in different places

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fail packaging if requirements are named differently in different places or have different extras added
```
